16-04-2007

Following my email, here are some supporting notes.

1) Added countries_new.csv file to the data/csv/ directory, this now includes
the Regions and Counties for the UK.

The UK Travel List should only have UK addresses, so the address select box
should only list the UK Region and County. I would like to pull this data from
this file rather than generate it from the abakuc_companies_import.csv file.

2) Fix the Registration process for users when there is no company and no
address, i.e. the ability for users to create new company and address.

3) Add the Company Name to the Address view.

4) Add the Company Name to the Enquiry Form as is in the existing
http://travellist.info site.

5) Move the enquiries.csv file to the Company rather than the address, hopefully
this will reduce the number of csv files.

6) ENHANCEMENT - if possible, I would like to validate the Enquirer's email
before the Enquiry is processed. So that a user will submit the Enquiry, on
submit, a message should say, "Please check your email and follow the
instructions within the email in order for your Enquiry to be processed."

Once the email is validated, only then should the Enquiry be added to the csv
file.

---------------------------------

06-04-2007

1) Need to look at the import of users in that only unique emails should be
imported as users. Now we have many duplicates, this might cause a problem in
that two different branches will have one email address.

2) Add the Company Name to the Address view

3) Fix the Change Company, Address forms on the User's Profile page.

4) Add the ;view views to the Company and companies.

5) Fix the ACL so that it is based on each user's Business Function.


-------------------

1) Import of abakuc_import_companies.csv

The abakuc_import_companies.csv is the entire http://uktravellist.info database
with each Company full postal address and related to the actual topic.

It consists of the following fields:

"topic_id";"topic_name";"region";"county";"post_town";"company_name";"address";"telephone";"fax_number";"email";"url";"licences";"logo URL"

Please note:

a) address - currently the address filed is all in one field - if possible, I
would like to strip out the Post Code field out and remove the Region. For
example

The first record in the csv has an address filed, as:

Beauport House
L'Avenue de la Commune
St. Peter
Jersey
JE3 7BY
Channel Islands


where the last 3 rows are:

post_town
post_code
county

this is true for most addresse, where there are exceptions, I would manually
change them when the addresses have been loaded.

b) email - as the email is used to generate the ownership of the company, in
cases where there is no email, please make the enquiries@uktravellist.info the
owner of these. Or maybe there is a better way, as I am not sure a user can
belong to more then one company? If not then perhaps we can leave these without
users and the first user who attaches themselves to the company will become the
'owner' of it.

c) the structural navigation of the site:

topic_name
+region
++county
+++post_town


